README.md, before:

Algorithm in Java
==============================
  Algorithm analysis and design.   
  Implemented in Java.
  ---------------------- 
  
**Tips**:  
  #### 1. This repository was originally used to store code for algorithm analysis and design class, but now I am gradually adding code for other algorithms and data structures implemented by Java.  
  #### 2. I believe this repo is helpful for beginners of the algorithm and students who are preparing for the interview. The comments are added during my development process.  
  #### 3. If possible, I will also commit some solutions about [leetcode](https://leetcode-cn.com/).
  #### 4. Welcome everyone to supplement this repo.


Links to the algorithms
-----------------------------------------  
1. [Data Structure](DataStructure/DataStructure/)
2. [Sorts](Sorts/Sorts/)
3. [Dynamic Programming](DynamicProgramming/DynamicProgramming/)
4. [Backtracking](Backtracking/Backtracking/)
5. [Branch and Bround](BranchAndBround/)
6. [Genetic Algorithm](GeneticAlgorithm/)
7. [Cipher](Cipher/Cipher/)
8. [Searchs](Searches/Searches) 
   
[LeetCode Solutions](LeetCode/LeetCode)  
--------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Add some easy LeetCode puzzles' solutions

README.md, after:

Algorithm in Java
==============================
  
**Introduction**: Algorithm implemented in Java.  
  ---------------------- 
------------------------ 
  1. This repository was originally used to store code for algorithm analysis and design class, but now I am gradually adding code for other algorithms and data structures implemented by Java.  
  2. I believe this repo is helpful for beginners of the algorithm and students who are preparing for the **campus interview**. The comments are added in detail during my development process.  
  3. I will also commit some solutions about puzzles in **[LeetCode](https://leetcode-cn.com/)**.
  4. **Welcome everyone** to supplement this repo!


**1.Algorithms**
-----------------------------------------  
1. [Data Structure](DataStructure/DataStructure/)
2. [Sorts](Sorts/Sorts/)
3. [Dynamic Programming](DynamicProgramming/DynamicProgramming/)
4. [Backtracking](Backtracking/Backtracking/)
5. [Branch and Bround](BranchAndBround/)
6. [Genetic Algorithm](GeneticAlgorithm/)
7. [Cipher](Cipher/Cipher/)
8. [Searchs](Searches/Searches) 
   
**2.[LeetCode Solutions](LeetCode/LeetCode)**
--------------------------------------------
There are statements about problem in **every** java file so you don't need to get questions from website, but there is **no main function**. I added **enough comments** to the code so that you can easily understand.
